Okay right now our application is rather
fragile. We don't have a lot of error
checking in there. So in this video I
have an assignment for you and we want
to strengthen our application a little
bit. Problem that we have right now and I
kind of left this in on purpose because
I wanted to leave it in there until we
got to exception handling to show you
this example. This ID value here, if we
pass in a String what's going to happen
here is we're going to get a Number
FormatException because we're just
casting that in. We never checked to make
sure that we have an actual number. So we
can pass any String in for that and
we can get an exception. So let's go ahead
and show you what's going to happen here.
I'm going to start up the application.
And we've got Spring Boot starting, we're
just about, there we are .So come back
over here. If i refresh that, we are
handling that exception but if I come in
here and change that value to asdf, we
can see that we're throwing a server
error 500 error because it's an
unhandled exception. So it's going to
become a server error and we're going to
toss a 500 and what we want to do is we
want to be a little bit more friendly. Let's take a quick look over IntelliJ
and show you a quick trick here in
IntelliJ. So if you come in you can see
how this is linked there. So if I just
click on that it's going to jump right
to the line threw the
exception. So this is the line that's
throwing the exception. It's the Long and
we can see that the message on that
exception shows the input String. So we
want to get that message to the client
to tell them what was wrong. So what we
want to do is create another Exception
Handler, but this time for NumberFormaException. So that would be the exception
class and then the HTTPStatus, what we
want to do is change that to bad request
and if you do a command click, mail drill
into that and we can see that is
going to return back a 400 error. So that
is HTTP 400 which is a bad request and
what we want to do is just like we did
here, get that exception and print out
the message of this exception which is going to be bad
input String of asdf. So saying that we
must have a number. So what I want you to
do is go ahead and create an error page. We
will do a 400 error and print out that
message for that. So just to recap what
you're going to be doing is create a
exception handling just like this but
for the NumberFormatException, we
want to do a bad request and then also
pass the exception just like
we're doing here. And I'll put that
String on the web page so the client has
some more information. In the next video
I'll go through this step by step and
show you exactly how to implement it.